OPSEXP-2693 Drop Centos 7 support (#95)
Alfresco/imagemagick-build: README.md

Notes:

> ImageMagick packages built on RockyLinux 8 are tested also on and Redhat8 on the
> [Alfresco Ansible playbook](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-deployment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ImageMagick packages built on RockyLinux are tested also on and Red Hat Enterprise on the
[Alfresco Ansible playbook](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-deployment) CI.
```
